docs: add section on support for USD export workflows and Husk (#322)
aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-for-houdini: docs/user_guide/submitter/husk-rendering.md

# Husk Rendering and USD Workflows

## USD Export Workflow Support

**The Deadline Cloud submitter for Houdini does not currently have built-in support for USD export workflows.** 

> This means you cannot use the submitter node to create a single job that will export a USD scene from Houdini and then call Husk standalone render and not consume a Houdini Engine license during the render.

Reviewer: nit: "and not consume" -> "without consuming" (flows a bit more naturally to me?)

## Alternative: Example Husk Job Bundle

> AWS Deadline Cloud provides an [**example Husk job bundle**](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples/tree/mainline/job_bundles/houdini_husk_usd_render) that enables USD export rendering workflows outside of the Houdini submitter. You will need to export the USD scene yourself separately from Houdini and then can use the example job bundle which:

Reviewer: nit: maybe split the last sentence into two. for example:

```
…separately from Houdini before using the example job bundle.

This job bundle:
- [the list as written…]
```

- Allows direct submission of USD scenes for rendering via Husk and a chosen Hydra render delegate without launching Houdini and consuming a Houdini engine license during the render
- Automatically introspects USD files to find any file dependencies within to attach using job attachments
- Provides a simple GUI for configuration of common Husk settings and submission

### Prerequisites

Before using the Husk example job bundle, you will need:

> 1. **Exported USD Scene**: Your scene must be exported to USD format from Houdini or other software. See the [SideFX USD documentation](https://www.sidefx.com/docs/houdini/solaris/output.html) for information on writing out USD files in Houdini.

Reviewer: Can you use bullet points instead of a numbered list here?

Prerequisites are ideally structured as the thing you need, a link to get it if applicable, + supplementary info or a link for further reading as a sub-point. For this first one, for example, I would change it to:

```
- A Houdini scene exported to USD format
  - See [the link] for further information on writing USD files in Houdini.
```

2. **Deadline Cloud CLI**: The AWS Deadline Cloud CLI must be installed and configured. The CLI can be installed from either the submitter installer or directly following the deadline-cloud [getting started guide](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud/blob/mainline/docs/index.md#getting-started).

3. **Husk Example Job Bundle**: A clone of the [deadline-cloud-samples repository](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples) locally with the job bundle

4. **Hydra Render Delegate on Workers**: The Hydra render delegate you want to use must be available on the worker nodes. Karma is included with Houdini, but other render delegates like V-Ray or Redshift must be provided separately. See the deadline-cloud-samples repository for example Conda packages for[V-Ray](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples/tree/mainline/conda_recipes/vray) and [Redshift](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples/tree/mainline/conda_recipes/redshift) as one option to make them available on the worker nodes.

### Using the Husk Example Job Bundle

> 

Reviewer: Let's put a brief introduction after the header so the procedure reads more like a "sentence" in a reader's internal voice.

```
**To use the Husk example job bundle:**

1. Submit the bundle using the Deadline CLI
...
```

## Alternative: Example Husk Job Bundle

AWS Deadline Cloud provides an [**example Husk job bundle**](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples/tree/mainline/job_bundles/houdini_husk_usd_render) that enables USD export rendering workflows outside of the Houdini submitter. You will need to export the USD scene yourself separately from Houdini before using the example job bundle. 

The Husk example job bundle:
- Allows direct submission of USD scenes for rendering via Husk and a chosen Hydra render delegate without launching Houdini and consuming a Houdini engine license during the render
- Automatically introspects USD files to find any file dependencies within to attach using job attachments
- Provides a simple GUI for configuration of common Husk settings and submission

### Prerequisites

Before using the Husk example job bundle, you will need:

* A scene exported to USD format
    * See the [SideFX USD documentation](https://www.sidefx.com/docs/houdini/solaris/output.html) for information on writing out USD files in Houdini.

* The AWS Deadline Cloud CLI installed and configured

>     * The CLI can be installed from either the submitter installer or directly following the deadline-cloud [getting started guide](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud/blob/mainline/docs/index.md#getting-started).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * The CLI can be installed from either the submitter installer or directly following the Deadline Cloud [getting started guide](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud/blob/mainline/docs/index.md#getting-started).
```

> * A clone of the [deadline-cloud-samples repository](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples) locally with the job bundle

Reviewer 2: > locally with the job bundle

This seems a redundant/wordy. I think cloning the repository is the action the user has to do so we don't need the rest

```suggestion
* A git clone of the [Deadline Cloud samples repository](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples)
```

> * The Hydra render delegate you want to use for rendering available on the worker nodes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The Hydra render delegate installed on the worker nodes
```
Maybe switch to `Your Hydra ...`? Not certain.

Author: Your sounds weird to me since they don't own the Hydra delegate. Changed to just `The Hydra render delegate available on the worker nodes`

Reviewer 2: It's the one they're using /shrug but works for me

>     * Karma is included with Houdini, but other render delegates like V-Ray or Redshift must be provided separately. See the deadline-cloud-samples repository for example Conda packages for[V-Ray](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples/tree/mainline/conda_recipes/vray) and [Redshift](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples/tree/mainline/conda_recipes/redshift) as one option to make them available on the worker nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Karma is included with Houdini. If you want to use other render delegates then you must provide them on the worker. See the deadline-cloud-samples repository for example Conda packages for [V-Ray](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples/tree/mainline/conda_recipes/vray) and [Redshift](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples/tree/mainline/conda_recipes/redshift).
```

Maybe something like this to tighten it up?

### To Use the Husk Example Job Bundle

1. Submit the bundle using the Deadline CLI:
   ```
   deadline bundle gui-submit ./deadline-cloud-samples/job_bundles/houdini_husk_usd_render
   ```

> 2. Configure your USD scene, output settings, frame range and any other applicable settings to submit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Configure your USD file, output settings, frame range, and any other applicable settings to submit.
```
scene -> file because we're talking about the file to submit rather than changing the contents of that file? But definitely oxford comma

![Husk Example Job Bundle GUI Interface](../images/husk-example-interface.png)

## Additional Resources

> - [Deadline Cloud Samples Repository](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Deadline Cloud samples repository](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-samples)
```

> - [SideFX Husk Documentation](https://www.sidefx.com/docs/houdini/ref/utils/husk.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [SideFX Husk documentation](https://www.sidefx.com/docs/houdini/ref/utils/husk.html)
```

## Getting Help

- Contact AWS Support

> - (Requires a GitHub account) [Open an issue in `deadline-cloud-for-houdini` on GitHub](https://github.com/aws-deadline/deadline-cloud-for-houdini/issues)

Reviewer 2: Should we maybe be more clear about what types of issues to raise where?

Getting help set-up with Deadline Cloud should go to AWS Support. Issues with this documentation or sample should go here or the samples repo.

Reviewer 2: Also can probably remove the 

> (Requires a GitHub account)

since contacting aws support requires a premium agreement?
